README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Yahya.</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Computer Science student at the University of Leicester.</h3>

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Python and Java**

- 💻 I'm currently working on **a flight booking app**

- 📫 How to reach me **yah.mohamed03@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I enjoy playing Table Tennis**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/real-yahya" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="real-yahya" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

Commit message:

Update README.md with what project I am working on

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Yahya.</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate Computer Science student at the University of Leicester.</h3>

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Python and Java**

- 💻 I'm currently working on **a variety of projects in the 100 days of code with Angela Yu**

- 📫 How to reach me **yah.mohamed03@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I enjoy playing Table Tennis**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/real-yahya" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="real-yahya" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>
